tiup: add `--user` (#20085)
pingcap/docs: quick-start-with-tidb.md

7. Execute the cluster deployment command:

    ```shell
    tiup cluster deploy <cluster-name> <version> ./topo.yaml --user root -p
    ```

    - `<cluster-name>`: sets the cluster name.
    - `<version>`: sets the TiDB cluster version, such as `v8.5.0`. You can see all the supported TiDB versions by running the `tiup list tidb` command.

>     - `--user`: specifies the user who initializes the environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `--user`: specifies the user to initialize the environment.
```
the user is the system user，not human
